one of the most evil and corrupt beings
this time Lord race has ever produced
crimes without number your villainy
without it who are you my name is the
master didn't you ever think I'd find my
way back
the master helloyou is my sworn arch
enemy of themed with glories and chaos
and destruction death is always more
frightening when it strikes invisibly
the travelers that ran mr. Graham knows
the neverending drumbeat openly you he
will fall open the light insomnia
receive majesty
I am usually referred to as the master
know who it is that so universally
I'm going to kill you in a minute I am
now nearing the end pint will eat
you'll notice the end of a tunnel but
not with a key
in 24 hours human rage as you know will
cease to exist peoples of the earth
please attend cattle the message that
follows is vital to the future of your
war
anyone's was never enough family doctor
how gratifying to do it three times over
say you will obey me I waited all my
life because of you doctor
they were my kids up to your will
against mine
here attacks